Luna asks Dama if he still carried the ring she gave him when he was young. Turns out, the ring belonged to his father Rul, whom Dama was told died protecting the Mesha, a lie from a mother to her son to preserve the honorable image he had of his father.

Luna's experiments were in search of the power to build an army that her and Rul could use to defend and expand their kingdom, which suffered under Lotelias and Petra's heavy taxation on goods. Rul, seeing an opportune timing with Princess Mira's wedding to Remy, levied a threat against Lotelias and interrupted Luna's research, drinking an incomplete potion which transformed him into the Scaled One.

Rul attacked the Mesha and he made it as far as the desert before Lotelias and his men arrived and drove him back into the jungle and underground. Lotelias demanded to see Rul, but he was gone. Luna's servant leaked the information of what happened with Rul to one of Lotelias' men and the Mesha were given an ultimatum. Exile their leader and bow to the crown, or die.

Luna was banished to the north, and she took Dama with her, fearing the worst from her people should she leave him behind. They survived in the snowy  forests just south of the Lonely Plains for three weeks before Dama, playing with a bear cub, was attacked by the bear's mother.

After killing the bear, Luna was met by a powerful devil who offered her a second chance at life. The cost was her soul, but Luna bargained magical power from the devil as well. The extra cost was that she could never leave the Beetle Wilds again and she could not look for her lost son. She accepted the terms, giving up on Dama to try and find a spell or creature that could give her husband his body and mind back. Luna was given access to powerful sorcery and eventually taught herself summoning techniques, but for fifty years her efforts have been in vain.