Fox wants to know:
- Why Sorrel was /really/ at the abandoned construction site
- How she got injured
- If he should worry about the brass knuckles

Fern wants to invite Sorrel to play music at her friend's club launch

Fox interviews for the position while Sorrel investigates the map

---

## The Library
The Paragon City Public Library is a huge institute that doubles as one part library, one part university, and one part museum. Huge marble columns and stone lions guard the front entrance, adorned with a plaque thanking those who donated funds to the library. At the top of the list sits the Dananns and the Blackwoods.

Behind the front desk sits JACOB, a Navigator who guides fae to the entrance of the faerie library in Nogarap.

In transit to the library, SORREL is unknowingly redirected by ASTRID, a daemon pretending to be JACOB. SORREL finds herself in a strange sandy pit surrounded by ancient stone walls covered in thorny vines. ASTRID instructs SORREL that to earn her library card she first has to pass a test. A babydoll falls from the darkness above and lands in the sand.

There is a smooth stone panel on one of the walls with fae-speak that reads "ruby, emerald, or sapphire?" Moments later, there is a grinding noise as one of the walls opens up to reveal a huge boar with tusks of the gemstone chosen, which charges towards SORREL.

BOAR: 20HP / B+3 M-2 H-2 S+1 / The gemstone tusks are fragile and will burst if the boar crashes into a wall

make sorrel watch her own death??

After defeating the boar SORREL can put a chunk of ruby into the empty slot on the babydoll. The doll turns into a shadow monster, the floor rumbles and cracks. The sand leaking down through the cracks in the rock which gives way to a bubbling lava pit far below. On the far side of the arena a door appears, but the floor is fading fast and the shadow is guarding the door.

SHADOW: 12 HP / B+1 M-1 H-1 S+2 / The shadow is amorphous and flexible, but weak in excessive light or darkness

On the other side of the door is a luxe hotel room with french doors that open to a balcony, overlooking a bubbling sea of lava. ASTRID sits at a vanity, putting makeup on her face, which looks like JACOB. ASTRID is a vain trickster daemon who is putting on a voice to sound like JACOB.

ASTRID: 30HP / B-1 M+2 H+2 S-2 / She fights dirty with illusions and long claws

Reading areas, big counter, huge stone wall with many holes

Library card = form & picture (picture is for accountability)

WHISPER: big, hunched form with many long, thin arms working to constantly update the maps of the city (with scary detail)

Map leads to an intersection deep within the Rust district

Not enough time to make it there and back for the launch party

---

Sanguine: Old Sanford theatre, SAN part of sign still visible, neon-graffiti covers rest. Tall brick building with box office front facing the street corner, door in alley around back for staff

MALVA: lean, mean, busy club owner / street fashion blue and silver, blue paint from fingers to elbows
ASH: cute, coy, flirty bartender / naga, MALVA's gf
FENNEL: lazy, friendly, messy dj / satyr, sound guy, and backup dj for MALVA

Beech is also at the launch, but Sorrel doesn't notice until she's up on stage

Thornfrost gang selling sweetspark to club patrons (sweetspark is an upper that has strong downer effects in fae but drastic upper effects in humans)

SORREL and FENNEL are attacked backstage by SWEETSPARKERS, humans having an adverse reaction to the drug

Sweetsparker: 10HP/B+2/M-2/H-1/S+0

BEECH steps in to help

MALVA arguing with REX THORNFROST, trying to kick them out but needing some muscle to get the point across

No evidence they were the ones selling drugs