# RINGLORD Adventure Planner

## Review
With time in between the interview and the gig at Sanguine, SORREL and FERN are taking a trip to the library to investigate the map that SORREL found in the Twilight Realm.

## Important NPCs
| Name | Class | Personality | Appearance |
|:---:|:---:|:--- |:--- |
| Jacob | Navigator | peppy, helpful, a little mysterious | Blue vest, bright orange hair, black eyes, lots of freckles, not very tall |
|  | Demoness | playful, coy, sadistic |  |
| Whisper | Oracle | mysterious, soft, slow, methodical | Large, wheelchair, glasses with powerful prescription, wiry white hair, tusks |

## Goal
Find out where the map leads and what's hidden there.

## Locations
- **Paragon City Public Library**
  - Marble exterior, expensive and museum-like interior, lots of accomodations
- **Pit of Sorrow**
  - Stone walls extending up into darkness, sandy floor, torches on walls
- **???'s Abode**
  - Luxurious hotel room, sheer curtains, pink and red, high-heel chair by vanity, balcony into hellscape
- **Nogarap City Public Library**
  - Reading tables, counter with bell, massive vault-like structure  

## Obstacles
### Library Card
SORREL needs a library card to access the Nogarap Library.
- **Pit of Sorrow Puzzle**: A ceramic baby doll is dropped from the darkness above. It has three slots on it's chest. On one of the walls, written in Faespeak, there's a clue: "Ruby, Emerald, Sapphire?" The doll has an emerald and a sapphire in two of the slots already. Reaching towards the word for ruby reveals a small hole with a button which sets off a trap: the hole shrinks around the victim's hand and a boar with ruby tusks is let loose into the pit.
- **The Ruboar**: 20 HP / B+3 M-2 H-2 S+1 / The Ruboar has a ruby tongue piercing which needs to be removed and slotted into the doll to progress.
- **The Shadow Baby**: 20 HP / B+2 M+1 H-2 S-1 / The baby doll head breaks away from the body and is swallowed by a shadowbeast that spills out from the neck.
- **???**: 24 HP / B+1 M+2 H-2 S-1 / ??? is a lazy fighter and doesn't protect herself well, but rather finds fun in trading blows. When her health is diminished she isn't defeated but JACOB and FERN appear to rescue SORREL.

## Revelations
1. Navigators, a rare class of faerie, can control space and/or time
2. ??? is pretending to be JACOB
3. The baby doll houses a dangerous shadow-beast
4. The test is fake, SORREL just needs to fill out a simple form
5. The map is not of Paragon, but of Nogarap City
6. The point indicated on the map is in ???
7. 
8. 
9. 
10. 

## Dividends
| Name | Description |
|:----:|:----------- |
| Library Card |  |
| Magic Ruby | Slot into knuckles for charge attacks |
| Magic Emerald | Slot into knuckles for sticky fists |
| Magic Sapphire | Slot into knuckles for freezing blows |
